Now I have a story that I'd like to tell
About this guy, you all know me I was scared as hell
He comes to me at night when I crawl into bed
He's burnt up like a weenie and his name is Fred
He wears the same hat and sweater every single day
And even if it's hot outside, he wears it anyway!
He's home when I'm awake, but he shows up when I sleep
I can't believe that there's a nightmare, on my street!

It was a Saturday evening if I remember it right
And we had just gotten off of tour last night
So the gang and I thought that it would be groovy
If we summoned up the posse and down watch a movie
I got Angie, Jeff got Tina
Ready Rock got some girl I've never seen in my life
That was alright though, 'cuz lady was chill
Then we dipped to the theatre set to ill
Buggin', cold havin' a ball
And somethin' 'bout Elm Street was the movie we saw
The way it started was decent
You know, nothin' real fancy
About this homeboy named Fred
And this girl named Nancy
But, word! When it was over, I said, "Yo, that was def!"
And everything seemed alright when we left
But when I got home and laid down to sleep
That began the nightmare, on my street!

It was burnin' in my room like an oven
My bed soaked with sweat, and man, I was buggin'
I checked the clock, and it stopped at 12:30
It had melted it was so darn hot, and I was thirsty
I wanted something cool to quench my thirst
I thought to myself, Yo! This heat is the worst!
But when I got downstairs, I noticed something was wrong
I was home all alone, but the TV was on.
I thought nothin' of it as I grabbed the remote
I pushed the power button, and I then almost choked
When I heard this aweful voice comin' from behind, it said
"You are my favorite rapper, but now you must die!" 
Man, I ain't even wait to see who it was
Broke inside my drawers and screamed, "So long 'cuz!"
Got halfway up the block, I calmed down and stopped screamin'
And thought, Oh, I get it, I must be dreamin'
I strolled back home with a grin on my grill
I'm thinkin' since this is a dream, I might as well get ill
I walked in the house, the big, bad, Fresh Prince
But Freddy killed all that noise real quick
He grabbed me by my neck and said,
"Here's what we'll do. We've got a lotta work here, me and you,
The souls of your friends, you and I will claim.
You've got the body, and I've got the brains."
I said, "Yo, Fred. I think you've got me all wrong.
I ain't parnters with nobody with nails that long.
Look, I'll be honest man, this team won't work
The girls won't be yours, Fred, your face is all burnt"
Fred got mad and his head started steamin'
But I thought what the hell, I'm only dreamin'
I said, "Please leave Fred, so I can get some sleep.
But gimme a call, and maybe we'll hang out next week."
I pat him on the shoulder, say, "Thanks for stoppin' by."
Then I opened up the door and said, "Take care, guy!"
He got mad, threw back his arm, and slashed my shirt
I laughed at first, then thought, Hold up...that hurt.
It wasn't a dream, man, this guy was for real
I said, "Freddy, uh, uh, there's been an aweful mistake here."
No further words, and then I darted upstairs
Crashed through my door then jumped on my bed
Pulled the covers up over my head and said,
"Oh please, do somethin' with Fred!"
He jumped on my bed and threw the covers with his claws
Tried to get me...but my alarm went off. and then silence
It was a whole new day, I thought.
Heh...I wasn't scared of him, anyway.
Until I noticed those rips in my sheets
And that was proof that there had been a nightmare, on my street.

Oh man, I gotta call Jeff, I gotta call Jeff
C'mon, c'mon...
C'mon Jeff, answer!
C'mon man
Jeff: Hello...
Prince: Jeff, it's Prince man, Jeff, wake up Jeff, wake up!
Jeff: What do you want?!
Prince: Jeff, wake up, man. Listen to me. Jeff
Jeff: It's 3 O'clock in the morning, what do you want?
Prince: Jeff, listen, Jeff, would you listen to me? Whatever you do, don't fall asleep.
Jeff: Man!
Prince: Jeff..listen to me. Don't go to sleep
Jeff: Look, I'll talk to you tomorrow, I'm goin' to bed
AGHH.....AGHHH
Prince: Jeff! Jeff! ..........Jeff, answer me, Jeff!
Freddy: I'm your D.J. now, Princy...
HA HA HA