Shady
Convict
Upfront
Akon
Slim Shady

I see the one, because she be that lady! Hey!
I feel you creeping, I can see it from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it like tabo
And possibly bend you over look back and watch me

Smack that all on the floor
Smack that give me some more
Smack that `till you get sore
Smack that oh-oooh!

Upfront style ready to attack now
Pull in the parking lot slow with the lac down
Convicts got the whole thing packed now
Step in the club now and wardobe intact now!
I feel it down and cracked now (ooh)
I see it dull and backed now
I`m gonna call her, than I pull the mack down
Money no problem, pocket full of that now!

I feel you creeping on, I can see from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it like tabo
And possibly bend you over look back and watch me

Oh...Looks like another club banger 
They better hang on when they throw this thang on
Get a lil` drink on
They goin` flip for this Akon shit
You can bank on it!
Pedicure manicure kitty-cat claws
The way she climbs up and down them poles
Looking like one of them puttie-cat dolls
Trying to hold my woody back throuh my drawers
Steps upstage didn`t think I saw
Creeps up behind me, shes like "your"
I`m like ya I know lets cut to the chase
No time to waste back to my place
Plus from the club to the crib`s like a mile away
Or more like a palace shall I say
And Plus I got a pal if your gal is game
In fact he is the one singing the song that`s playing
"Akon!"

I feel you creeping on, I can see from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it like tabo
And possibly bend you over look back and watch me

Eminem is rollin`, d and em rollin` bo 
And all marvelous them rolling
Women just holding big booty rollin` 
Soon I`ll be on Eminem throwin "D!"
Hittin on less than "Three!"
Block wheel style like "Whee!"
Girl I can tell you want me because lately

I feel you creeping on, I can see from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place and just kick it like tabo
And possibly bend you over look back and watch me